Froakie, use Water Pulse,
let's go.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Yeah. That was great.
[CONFIDENT]
Next up? It's you, Pikachu.
Thunderbolt, let's go.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Alright.
Pikachu and Froakie are really
fired up, aren't they?
‐ Everyone's in sync.
‐ Keep it up. You look great.
[STARTLED]/[CONCERNED]
Huh?
[Bonnie gasps]
Look! Something's floating
this way.
It's Sanpei.
[CONCERNED]
[Ash grunts]
Sanpei.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest
to be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one
way to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the
world is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A stealthy challenge!"
Wake up. Sanpei.
[WORRIED]
NARRATOR
As our heroes continue
on their way to Coumarine City
they've reunited
with their friend Sanpei,
the boy ninja.
But something's not right.
[groans]
‐ Huh.
‐ Yay! He's awake.
You're Ash. That's right.
Where's Greninja?
Hey, don't worry.
Look behind you.
Clemont just gave
it a Pecha Berry.
That cured Greninja's poisoning.
It should feel better
in no time.
[CALM]
Well, thank goodness for that.
Thanks, Ash. You too,
Bonnie, Serena and Clemont.
‐ You saved us. I'm so grateful.
‐ No prob.
Wow, it's been a long time
since I've seen you guys.
‐ So, is everybody doing well?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ Yup.
Sanpei? Is that Pokémon..
POKEDEX
Greninja, the Ninja Pokémon
and the evolved form
of Frogadier.
'Greninja's swift movements
confound its opponents'
'and it can compress water into
sharp‐edged throwing stars.'
You guessed it. Greninja evolved
from my Frogadier.
I knew it.
[FRIENDLY]
Sanpei? How was Greninja
poisoned in the first place?
Yeah, what could've happened?
Happened? Uh, well‐‐
‐ 'There you are.'
‐ Huh?
MASKED NINJA SAIZO
'Ninja Water Spout.'
‐ What is that?
Hey, what's going on?
POKEDEX Barbaracle.
The Collective Pokémon.
'Barbaracle's limbs can move
independently of each other'
'but they usually follow
the head's commands.'
There they are,
those two are the ones
who attacked us.
Those two?
Indeed, and very soon
the secret scroll will be mine.
Barbaracle, Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
[all gasping]
[DETERMINED]
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[PAINED]/[ANGRY]
No, Froakie. Quick, Pikachu.
Use Thunderbolt, now.
[DETERMINED]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]/[EXERTION]
No way!
But how? It looks fine.
I never thought we'd
witness a ninja Pokémon battle
all the way out
here in the wild.
Any guess as to why they'd
be doing such a thing?
Nah, don't forget,
catching Pikachu
is all we're about
and that's that.
Right, and now is the perfect
Pikachu‐catching time
while their Twerpish baby‐brains
are preoccupied.
[EXCITED]
I have no idea what's going on,
but it can't be good.
‐ We need to get out of here.
‐ Hm.
Alright.
Ninja Leaf Shroud.
[SHOCKED]
[grunts]
[Clemont breathing heavily]
Good thing we got out of there.
[RELIEVED]
A masked ninja.
Who was that guy?
[CURIOUS]
Secret scroll?
What did he mean?
He meant this.
This scroll must be delivered.
And it has to be before sundown.
And that is my mission.
‐ Mission?
‐ Mm‐hm.
Saizo sent me. He's a master
ninja and my Trainer, too.
I will not let him down.
Ninja techniques, passed down
for generations in our village
since ancient times are
contained in that secret scroll.
I want you to take it
to our fellow ninjas.
Sanpei, what do you say?
Will you do this?
Yes! It would be my honor.
I'm happy to go.
[PROUD]
This map will show you the manor
where our comrades are located.
‐ I'm counting on you.
‐ I'll do it. I promise.
[RESOLUTE]
SANPEI
So, Greninja and I set out
on our important mission.
But then..
[rumbling]
MASKED NINJA SAIZO
'Ninja Dust Storm.'
Wait, who are you?
[ANGRY]
I am a ninja, just like you.
Now give me the secret scroll.
Barbaracle, appear.
[PROUD]
SANPEI
'Huh!'
Barbaracle, Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
Alright, Greninja,
use Smokescreen.
[SMOKESCREEN MOVE]
Alright, Ninja. Wind Rush.
[DETERMINED]
Quick Attack, let's go.
[DETERMINED]/[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Push back.
Then grab hold of it.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
‐ Greninja.
‐ Poison Jab. Go.
[POISON JAB MOVE]
‐ Oh!
‐ Now, Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
Greninja.
[Sanpei grunts]
[screaming]
I have no idea
who the masked ninja is.
And why he's after
the secret scroll?
I don't know either.
Now, it's getting late.
I'd better be on my way.
On your way?
I wanna go with you.
[DETERMINED]
I appreciate the thought.
But we were given the mission.
We can do this ourselves.
What do you mean? I can't leave
my friend in danger.
He's right. And there's strength
in numbers, don't forget.
She's right too.
[HAPPY]
They're alright.
You guys.. Okay, you can come.
But Ash, if things
go wrong, promise me
you'll take care of
yourselves first.
Can you give me
your word on that?
Promise! Alright, let's go.
[EXCITED]
‐ 'Hold on.'
‐ Huh?
First things first.
We need a plan to deal
with that masked ninja.
But what?
Any idea what we should do?
CLEMONT
First, we need to distract
and confuse Sanpei's pursuers.
That's really important.
Which means the future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear, on.
Anticipating this
situation, I proceeded
to invent this very machine.
I call it the Robo Step‐by‐Step.
Robo Step‐by‐Step?
Hey! It sounds
like a baby's toy.
[UNIMPRESSED]
They want to use
ninja techniques, right?
So, we'll counter them using
science. My Robo Step‐by‐Step.
Power on.
Awesome. Whoa, science
is so amazing.
Okay, off you go.
So, why don't we get going too?
You bet.
[EXCITED]
Where are they?
[groans]
Those brats.
I hate Twerps. Come on.
You never find
a Twerp when you need one.
We will. And there's proof.
I'd say those are
Twerpish footprints.
They must be close by.
[EXCITED]
‐ Hm?
[CERTAIN]
Prepare for trouble,
I've seen enough.
And make it double,
we're quick and tough.
Stop! You spoke too soon.
You stop! We were just
starting to get warmed up.
Now look. We're getting cold.
No, you're the dopes
who didn't look. Heads up.
‐ Hm?
Cheats.
The nerve.
We've been hoodwinked.
[FRUSTRATED]
Of course.
The science Twerp did this.
[indistinct yelling]
[electric crackling]
[explosion]
For some reason,
I'm not surprised.
[PAINED]
SANPEI
This is where we are
and this is where
the manor is. Hm..
CLEMONT That means we'll have
to wind around this way.
But if we do that,
then there's no way
we'll be able to get there
before the sun goes down.
And then, you won't deliver the
secret scroll on time. Now what?
We could fly. Of course
we don't know how. Right?
Are there any shortcuts?
There's one, but we can't.
I'd worry about all of you.
I don't want to take the risk.
‐ Don't worry.
‐ Huh?
We can handle it.
No matter what.
[CONFIDENT]
It'll be a breeze.
Don't you think, Dedenne?
[CONFIDENT]
Okay.
That's what we're gonna do.
Agreed.
Oh, Ash, all of you..
Alright. Then let's go.
ASH/BONNIE/CLEMONT/SERENA
Yeah.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Barbaracle!
[EXCITED]
Everyone. Be careful.
Be really, really careful.
Remember,
slow and steady wins the race.
I know all of that. But I'm
worried about how you're doing.
Who, me? I'm doing just fine.
[screaming]
‐ Serena.
‐ Clemont.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
Huh!
[screaming]
[sighs]
That was a close call.
Hey! Are you guys
doing alright?
‐ Yeah, we're fine.
‐ Thanks to you two.
[HAPPY]
BONNIE
Oh! More climbing?
[SHOCKED]
SANPEI
'Nope.'
‐ No need to climb any more.
‐ Oh! Ohh!
Look. Over there.
That cave is connected
to the other side.
Awesome. Let's do it.
[EXCITED]
I see. What a lucky break
that the cave slopes down.
And that means
when we make it out
we're at the
foot of the mountain.
[STARTLED]
Hey, what's that sound?
PIKACHU
[ANXIOUS]
[all gasp]
A group of Golbat.
[screeching]
Oh no! What are they gonna do?
Ahh!
We've wandered into their
territory. They don't like that.
Golbat! Knock it off.
[ANGRY]
[all screaming]
No choice. Greninja
Smokescreen, let's go.
[SMOKESCREEN MOVE]
Quick, now's our chance.
[panting]
[EXHAUSTED]
GRENINJA
[CONFIDENT]
Huh?
Hey, look!
The manor's over there.
Alright. Hey, guys.
Huh?
[ANGRY]
[coughing]
What was that?
[PROUD]
Hand over the
sacred scroll at once.
ASH
We're not handing over anything.
Hold on. Leave this to me
and go find everyone else.
‐ No. I'm not leaving you alone.
‐ Huh?
We can win this battle
if we do it as a team.
Let's hurry up and beat them,
then go and find the others.
Wow, Ash.
[AMAZED]
Hmm.
As you wish.
‐ Use Double Team.
[DETERMINED]/[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
‐ Use Water Shuriken.
‐ Use Water Pulse.
[ATTACK]
Dodge it, quick.
[DETERMINED]
Keep up the attack,
Pikachu Electro Ball.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Block that with Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
[AMAZED]
[SHOCKED]/[DETERMINED]
‐ What was that?
‐ More enemies?
Prepare for trouble,
the enemies mount.
And make it double,
these enemies count.
To protect our ninja reputation.
Our throwing stars
will rule the nation.
Our code of the ninja
will cut you no slack.
We jump from the shadows,
and then we attack.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket is master
there can be no debate.
Defeating all ninjas,
thus sealing their fate.
Meowth, that's great!
[PROUD]
Team Rocket.
What do you want?
[ANGRY]
If you have to ask
you're even dumber
than you look.
There's no rest
for the delightfully
wicked when it comes
to catching Pikachu.
Of course, that means you.
Ha!
[PANICKED]
[ATTACK]
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey!
‐ Out of the way! Ninja brats.
We want them, not you.
Stay out of this.
We want Pikachu.
Take your silly scroll. What
does that have to do with us?
Now, Wobbuffet, teach them
a lesson they won't forget.
I want in too. My Fury Swipes
is gonna show you.
Block them with Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL]
‐ Froakie, Water Pulse.
‐ Greninja, Water Shuriken.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
[all screams]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again.
[FRUSTRATED]
Now, let's pick up
where we left off.
Wait. Why did you
two help us out?
My reasons are my own.
Barbaracle, Poison Jab.
[POISON JAB MOVE]
Dodge it.
[DETERMINED]
Froakie, Double Team!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
Froakie, use Cut.
Pikachu, Iron Tail.
[ATTACK]
Barbaracle, Mud‐Slap.
[MUD‐SLAP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Froakie!
[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu.
Greninja!
You've got to be strong.
I'd say this is over.
Barbaracle, Poison Jab.
[DETERMINED]
[PANICKED]
Look out!
[STRUGGLING]
[POISON JAB MOVE]
[DETERMINED]
[all gasping]
[CONFIDENT]
[PAINED]
‐ That light.
‐ It's evolving.
Froakie's evolving?
[SHOCKED]
Froakie. You just evolved.
[PROUD]
POKEDEX Frogadier,
the Bubble Frog Pokémon
and the evolved form of Froakie.
Frogadier's speed is unmatched.
'It can climb a tower over'
'two thousand feet tall
in one minute.'
Awesome.
It's also got brand‐new moves!
Even if Froakie did evolve,
it's still no match for us.
Barbaracle, Razor Shell.
[RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
Now, Frogadier, use Cut.
[DETERMINED]/[CUT MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
Their strength's the same.
Frogadier's putting up
an equal fight.
Watch this. Do it, Frogadier.
[FOCUSED]
Use Poison Jab.
[POISON JAB MOVE]
Okay, Frogadier, use Aerial Ace.
[DETERMINED]
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Had enough?
Alright then.
Time for Ninja Leaf Shroud.
‐ Oh!
‐ Alright, now go to the manor.
There, you will discover
the whereabouts of your friends.
Alright.
Let's go to the manor.
But wait. What if it's a trap?
It just might be a trap.
But that's all we have
to work with right now.
I say we have to go.
I hear you.
Excuse me.
I, Sanpei, have arrived.
Hey, is anybody here?
I've come to deliver
the secret scroll.
‐ 'Hello?'
‐ Huh!
Look over here.
[HAPPY]
Hi, Ash. Hi, Sanpei.
‐ Hey, guys. You alright?
‐ Welcome.
[all groaning]
[laughing]
‐ Huh?
I'm most impressed
you made it all the way here.
Well done, Sanpei.
Huh?
SANPEI
'Saizo?'
Hey, what's going on?
There's nothing written on it.
No way, master.
What's this all about?
‐ I was testing you.
‐ Testing me?
You are a ninja
who went on a training journey.
So I thought
I should give you a test.
To see just
how much you've grown.
Saizo didn't want us to get in
the middle of any trouble
that might have put
us in harm's way.
So he brought us
over here to the manor.
Unfortunately, Ash, we weren't
able to find you and Pikachu.
Now I get it. You're alright.
That's what really counts.
Whether it's blank or not
I've delivered
the secret scroll on time.
Which means our mission
is now complete.
Mm‐hm.
SAIZO
You made a heartfelt
connection with your friends
and overcame formidable
obstacles along with Greninja.
And I saw it all
with my very own eyes.
I'll make a full report.
Directly to the village elder.
[chuckles]
That's great.
Thank you so very much.
[HAPPY]
A Frogadier.
Is that who I think it is?
Of course.
Ash's Froakie must have evolved.
Oh, I wanted to see that,
I know.
You can go back
to being Froakie.
Then I can watch
you evolve too.
Bonnie?
That's not really how it works.
‐ 'Sanpei.'
‐ Huh.
Your mission is all done.
So what do you say?
‐ You wanna have a battle?
‐ This time I'll win.
We'll give it our all.
Right, Frogadier?
[CONFIDENT]
NARRATOR After a fierce battle
against Saizo, the masked ninja
Froakie has evolved
into Frogadier.
Soon, our heroes will
be off once again
as their journey
to Coumarine City continues.
[theme music]